From the New York Times, I'm Natalie
Kitroeff. This is The Daily. Mr.
President, did Israel force your hand to
launch these strikes against Iran? Did
Netanyahu pull the United States into
this war?
>> No, I might have forced their hands.
Six days into the war, the role that
Israel [music] has played in driving
President Trump to attack Iran has
become a major point of political
tension.
>> Uh based on the way the negotiation was
going, I think they were going to attack
first.
>> [music]
>> And
I didn't want that to happen. So, if
anything, I might have forced Israel's
hand.
The key questions have been to what
extent is a foreign [music] country
shaping the actions of the US commander
in chief? We knew that there was going
to be an Israeli action. We knew that
that would precipitate an attack against
American forces, and we knew that if we
didn't preemptively go after them before
they launched those attacks, [music] we
would suffer higher casualties. And how
did Trump get on board with something no
American president had ever agreed to?
Waging a joint war [music] with Israel
against Iran. Have we now delegated the
most solemn
>> [music]
>> decision that can be made in our
society, the decision to go to war, to
another country?
Today, my colleagues Mark Mazzetti and
Ronen Bergman on what we know about the
extraordinarily close cooperation
between the US and Israel,
>> [music]
>> and how that partnership affects the
endgame in Iran.
>> [music]
>> It's Thursday, [music] March 5th.
Mark, Ronen, we wanted to bring you both
onto the show because you've both been
covering this conflict in Iran. Ronen,
you from Israel, and you, Mark, on the
DC side. You are writing a book
together. You are often reporting
partners, and it is so wonderful to have
you both here today. Thanks for having
us. Thanks, Natalie.
Pleasure.
>> [snorts]
>> So, Mark, you told us when you were on
the show a few days ago that part of the
lead-up to the war in Iran involved
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu lobbying hard for it with
President Trump. And over the last few
days, the extent to which Netanyahu may
have been a driving force behind this
conflict has become a much more central
question here. And we want to go deep on
that today to try to answer the
unanswered questions about how much
Israel is actually determining the shape
of these attacks, which have now
continued into a fifth day, and the
degree to which this war is about what
the US wants versus what Israel wants.
How should we think about that?
So, publicly over the last few months,
we've seen President Trump take this
sort of circuitous path to war. Does he
really want to strike? Does he want a
deal? Does he want peace? Who knows? So,
it's been very unclear which direction
this was going. But I think the real
story is that behind the scenes,
this was every day pushing closer to
war.
And also behind the scenes, the constant
was the pressure of Prime Minister
Netanyahu to get Trump there. And that
issue blew up this week after Secretary
of State Marco Rubio told reporters
that, in essence, the war began because
Israel was going to begin it, and that
the United States needed to protect
itself from possible Iranian attack. So,
in other words, Israel was driving this,
and the US was responding as if there
was no choice but to join the war that
Israel started. Right. These comments by
Rubio were seized upon. They were
immediately controversial.
Right, because it already touches a
point that many, [clears throat]
particularly in President Trump's party,
have criticized. This idea that
Israel and Netanyahu are getting the
United States into wars in the Middle
East, ultimately driving American
foreign policy.
So, Ronen and I've been covering this
issue for a long time, and we've written
over the years about how Netanyahu has
been pushing American presidents towards
war with Iran for many years. We're
talking about George W. Bush. We're
talking about Obama. We're talking about
Joe Biden. We're talking about Donald
Trump.
>> Yep. The dynamic has changed in the last
year and a half, where we now have two
American wars in Iran,
because
Netanyahu began to see the costs of
going to war with Iran as lower,
and therefore, that helped sell the
United States getting involved.
>> [snorts]
>> Got it. And to understand that new
dynamic as you've described it, where
should we start? Where does that story
begin?
Well, I think you could begin at the
beginning of the Trump administration.
So, in January 2025, Trump comes in, and
Netanyahu once again begins this
pressure campaign about a war in Iran.
And remember, these two men have a
history of mistrust. Remember, Bibi in
2020 congratulated Joe Biden on winning
the election that Donald Trump thought
was stolen. So, Trump was angry about
that. So, there is a history of mistrust
here. So, when Trump comes in in
Okay, and tell me about that planning
that was already underway, Ronen. What
do we know about it?
So, this was an rolling plan
towards an attack
that called for, in the first time in
history, a joint US-Israeli
strike on Iran Hmm. that would involve
Israeli intelligence and the almighty
power of America together.
Something that Netanyahu always, always,
this was his his dream. He he thrived
for that, and everybody told him this
will never happen.
And then someone said to President
Trump, this is April 2025, "Listen, we
are
being dragged into war that we don't
want, and we want an agreement."
You're saying that when Trump came to
office, there were already these plans
afoot that involved a joint US-Israel
attack that Trump then has to contend
with. And in April of last year, he said
no. Yes, at the beginning, he doesn't
want that, and he says to Netanyahu,
"Stop. Don't."
No, Trump said no, just like every other
American president this century had said
no to Netanyahu.
>> Right.
>> And as Ronen says, in April, he tries to
put a stop to it.
But obviously then, a few months later,
we do see these strikes on Iran's
nuclear sites. So, Trump at some point
changed his mind. What happened? How did
Bibi succeed where he'd failed with
previous presidents? So, after Trump
says no in April, the planning continues
in Israel to do strikes in Iran without
the United States joining in, or maybe
just in a defensive role.
And this proceeds all the way to June,
when Netanyahu launches the war, and a
day after the conflict begins, Trump is
watching how it's playing. He's watching
Fox News. He's watching the sense of is
this successful? Meaning, is it being
received well? Is it being received
well? Does it seem to be going well?
And as we reported last year, decides
the United States is going to join. That
Netanyahu had begun something that
Netanyahu himself said only the United
States can finish. Because the United
States has military capabilities,
specifically, these bunker buster bombs
that can hit deeply buried sites. And
so, if this thing is going to actually
be brought to its conclusion,
the United States has to get involved.
And that's ultimately what convinces
Trump to join the strikes last June,
hit the three nuclear facilities, and
then declare them, in Trump's words,
completely and totally obliterated.
Right. And both he and Bibi come out and
say that they have successfully
dismantled the sites, and they have set
Iran's nuclear program back a
generation. So, how did we then get from
Trump okaying that kind of limited
strike that was declared so successful
to now this much more extreme campaign
that is aimed at dismantling an entire
regime? Even before the planes, the
bombers turned back to the US, and he
already has the the BDA, the the battle
damage assessment, and Bibi saying we
removed the threat from the nuclear
project and the missile project for
generations.
But he didn't have that, and it was not
true. High-ranking military officials
told us in real time the tactical
achievements of both militaries
were as expected, but nobody expected
that this limited campaign would remove
the threat. Because if it removed the
threat, what are we doing now? Like, we
remove a threat, and then it comes back
after 8 months? But just to be clear,
what you're saying is they did not
actually set Iran's nuclear program back
a generation, and that the threat was
very much still present, and everyone
knew that. Yeah, and Israeli BDA said
that in a good day, maybe they withdrew
parts of the nuclear plan
in maybe up to a year. Maybe in some
other parts in months.
So, the problem was not the achievements
versus the targets, but the statements
from the leaders who said it's it's
obliterated, and it was not.
But nevertheless, in Trump's mind, this
issue is largely settled.
He does the strikes, he declares the
sites obliterated, moves on.
But Netanyahu doesn't move on, because
as Ronan says, in Israel, there's a view
that there needs to be at least another
round. The sites aren't obliterated,
there's still the issue of Iranian
missiles. So, this doesn't go away for
the Israelis. And in the months after
the June strike, you see the pressure
campaign continue at a low level, where
Israeli officials are discussing with
the US military and others about the
need for another conflict in Iran. And
this ultimately gets really to Trump in
late December, Hmm. when Netanyahu comes
to Mar-a-Lago and basically makes the
case
for another war.
And what is the case that Netanyahu
makes at that point?
So, the case that he's making to the
president is one, but let's first talk
about the case that he's making to the
Israeli military and maybe the possible
additional motives behind of what he's
saying. Sure. He is giving the Israeli
military an order to get ready to
another massive strike in Iran, either
with the US or without the US.
>> Hmm.
Somewhere between April to June 2026.
That's back in November, October,
November. And also, he saw, I'm sure he
saw the the timeline of 2026.
Elections are coming. Netanyahu is
lagging much behind in all the polls.
>> Hmm. The attack on Iran in June did not
bring the expected votes in the polls.
All of that together, he is getting the
military ready to attack, and with that
preparation, he comes to Mar-a-Lago. And
what you're saying is that he is
convincing the Israeli military,
building a plan to go forward with this
as he goes to meet with Trump. So, with
all that in mind, what happens when Bibi
gets to Mar-a-Lago? What does he say to
Trump? He says, "We have work to do.
China is resupplying Iran with the
necessary component for the production
of ballistic missiles.
Russia's helping them. They are
rearming, they are regrouping. We need
to attack them again. We would be more
than happy if it's a joint US-Israeli
strike, but even just an Israeli strike,
I am asking the president's blessing
to a strike, at least an Israeli strike,
and a and a helping the defense of
Israel from ballistic missiles between
April and June 2026." So, Netanyahu's
saying there is an imminent threat to
Israel posed by Iran. First of all, is
that true, Mark? And second of all, he's
not at this point talking about any
direct threat that Iran is posing to the
US at this time, right? That's not part
of the case.
That's correct. Iran does not have any
missiles capable of hitting the United
States.
And Netanyahu is making the case that uh
the missile production has continued
apace since the June war, and it poses a
direct threat to Israel. Now, I think
the question of imminent is always one
that needs to be sort of unpacked a
little bit, right? I mean, Iran launched
missiles at Israel after Israel began
the war in June, right? So, the question
is, is it imminent because Iran is about
to launch another war? I don't think
Bibi was making that case at all, but
there's no question that the
capabilities of Iran pose a direct
threat to Israel. Man, just to add here
that I think that Iran didn't pose a
threat to the US,
but Bibi keeps reminding Trump that it
did pose a very personal threat to
Trump.
>> Hmm. That Israeli intelligence was able
to identify a conspiracy to kill Trump,
ordered personally by the supreme
leader. Right.
>> This was, of course, disrupted by
Israeli intelligence who told the FBI
and American officials about that.
But that left a very personal point from
the point of view of the president.
>> Right.
>> Look, these guys tried to kill me. And
you're saying Bibi is reminding Trump of
that. These guys tried to kill you,
remember? Yeah, and they did. It was
real, and Trump remembers.
And another case that Netanyahu is
making to Trump is that Iran is weak
right now, and the time is to strike.
He's basically arguing that Iran's proxy
forces, like specifically Hezbollah, has
been largely destroyed.
Their missile launchers and their
missile sites were hit hard in June.
And remember also, this is the beginning
of mass protests happening on the
streets of Tehran that the government
has to put down. So, this is a moment of
weakness for Iran that it looks like
Netanyahu at that time is just trying to
seize. There's an interesting
contradiction here, right? I mean, the
first argument Bibi's making is Iran
poses an imminent threat, aka Iran is
strong. The second argument is Iran is
weak, so we should strike them while
they're down. I mean, both of those
reasons end in we should strike Iran.
Yeah, I think that's fair to say. I
mean, Netanyahu is arguing that, again,
primarily because of these missiles that
Iran is trying to build and is building,
that if we wait 3-4 months, it'll be
even more dangerous to strike. So, this
is the moment to do it, and the regime
itself is distracted and weakened by the
events of the last year and a half. Got
it. And how does Trump respond to this
argument? So, he doesn't close the door
on a possible strike in 2026.
And so, Netanyahu leaves Florida
thinking that it's at least on the table
for some time in the future. And then,
just a few days after that, Trump
authorizes the military operation in
Venezuela
to capture Nicolas Maduro and his wife
in Caracas and take them to the United
States. And the significance of this
is that Trump sees military operations
that can be done quickly, cleanly, with
relatively little risk. And he is
emboldened by the Venezuela operation,
and it sort of colors his view of where
military force can be used elsewhere
around the world,
including Iran. I wonder, Ronan, if
Netanyahu is also looking at this
moment, at the extraction of Maduro, as
a sign that Trump is willing to go very
far and be very aggressive now on the
global stage. I wonder if he sees it as
an opportunity.
I I believe that that, and this is just
an assessment, that if Prime Minister
Netanyahu concludes anything from this
event,
is that he would be finding President
Trump
in a mood that he is omnipotent, and
just with the flipping of his fingers,
he can order a history-changing
maneuvers. Right. So, he will be more
sensitive to anyone, and I'm not sure
just Netanyahu, I'm talking about
American politicians as well, who say,
"Listen, you can succeed when when all
the previous American president failed,
especially Obama.
And you can do it. You have the guts."
And Netanyahu sees himself as the person
who can whisper to the president's ear,
"You can do something that all the
previous presidents of the United States
failed. You are the man. You will have
the guts. You will have the cojones to
go for this one strike, one big attack
that would take down this horrible
regime once and for all, and do what
they needed to do, and they were afraid,
but you you, Mr. President, you will
not. You are not afraid."
And then, soon after the Maduro capture,
we get the January protests in Iran,
which Trump reacts to by promising to
help the protesters with possible
American strikes. We all heard that. So,
how does that fit into this story, Mark?
Well, now, there's a whole 'nother
factor, which is that these protests
suggest that the Iran regime is weak,
and I think in Trump's mind, it's this
idea of the United States can intervene
to bring down or at least weaken the
Iranian government to help the
protesters. So, all of a sudden, the
pivot for justification goes to helping
protesters, and Trump says publicly, as
you said, that, you know, the United
States might use its military to
intervene on the behalf of the
protesters.
>> Right.
>> But then, something very interesting
happens on January 14th,
Netanyahu calls Trump and basically
says,
"Don't do anything yet in Iran,
>> Hmm. cuz we're not ready. We, the
Israelis, are not ready for a strike.
There's, as Ronan said earlier, the
original plan was April to June 2026,
right? We're now early January, and any
preparations that were being made were
not mature, and so, the argument is,
you've got to wait."
Trump doesn't strike in January, right?
We know that they wait until February to
do that, which suggests that he did heed
Netanyahu's warning. And all of this,
what you've described, really suggests
that Israel and the US are very clearly
coordinating
on all of this. It's not just Trump
telling Netanyahu yes or no, giving his
blessing or not. In this case, Netanyahu
has quite a bit of influence on what
kind of path both sides are going to
take here.
Yes, and from, you know, this period in
mid-January, you start seeing planning
happening at a lower level with the
militaries moving towards what would be
a joint operation, a joint strike
between Israel and the United States.
So,
the protesters opened the door here in
Trump's mind for US military action,
but pretty soon afterwards, the seed has
been planted for a larger US-Israeli
operation to go after the entire regime.
And so, looking forward to today, we see
that Netanyahu ended up getting far more
than he ever wanted back in December.
He got a US-led war in Iran.
Okay, so by this point I now understand
why Netanyahu wanted this and how he
made his case to Trump, how he was
perhaps more successful than he even
bargained for. What's less clear to me
is why exactly Trump got on board this
time around, why he went this far, what
he calculated was in it for the US.
We've spent a lot of time over the last
week trying to answer those questions
and to sort of get to the matter of what
led Trump to war.
And the answer is that there were a lot
of factors behind the scenes that led
him to his decision and the
deliberations that ultimately
centered around the question, what's in
this for the United States?
We'll be right back.
So, Mark, Ronan, I assume that as Trump
was considering a potential attack on
Iran, he was hearing from advisers, from
allies around the world about just how
risky that would be. You said these were
complicated deliberations. What do we
know about them and what do they tell us
about where all this is headed?
We certainly know that President Trump
was presented by his military advisers,
namely Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff Dan Kaine, a set of not only
options for what he could do in terms of
striking Iran, but also what the
potential repercussions are.
And from our understanding, General
Kaine gives a quite sober assessment of
especially if there is a large-scale
attack, what the implications,
repercussions might be.
American service members killed,
economic disruptions, potential
destabilization of the entire Middle
East. Of course, if you were to
overthrow the regime in Iran, obviously
large-scale casualties in Israel. So,
these are things that were presented to
President Trump as he was making his
decision.
>> They run those war games, you're saying.
They run the war games. On the other
side, even though there are these
potentially negative consequences, no
one among his close advisers seem to be
telling him this is a bad idea. He's
getting mostly support from his
advisers. We report that J.D. Vance, the
Vice President, who has been skeptical
of American military interventions,
tells the president, "Listen, I don't
know if this is a good idea, but if
we're going to do it, go big, right?"
So, you have this idea being reinforced
in the president's mind that military
action should take place. Remember,
there's another track going on where
Jared Kushner and Steve Witkoff are
negotiating over the future of Iran's
nuclear program and they're basically
reporting back saying, "You know, we
don't think there's a deal here because
there's no space for a deal between
Israel, the United States and Iran
that's going to satisfy everybody." We
report that one of the few people who
suggests that this is a bad idea is
Tucker Carlson, who meets with the
president at least three times and he is
making the case that this is an enormous
mistake and of course he's got a long
history of criticizing the role that
Israel plays in American foreign policy.
Right. And at the same time, it sounds
like Trump is not concerned with the
potential reaction within his own base
to another foreign war.
I think that, you know, Trump has said
in his public comments, boiling it down,
you know, the MAGA movement is me.
Right. And what I say and do,
the people of this movement will
support. So, this idea that the MAGA
wing of his party is against it, it
seemed to not factor significantly in
Trump's thinking in the lead-up to this
conflict. It is possible, right, that
he's not just not worried about
potential political downsides, but that
he sees political upsides here. I mean,
if you look at the possible best-case
outcome here, and I know we are far off
from that, but just as a way of
understanding the best version of a
rationale for what we're seeing,
a world in which Iran's ability to
attack its neighbors and repress its
people is significantly degraded, a
world in which Iran becomes potentially
less openly hostile to the US, less of a
chaos agent in the Middle East, that
could be a world-changing development,
right?
Yes, and on the issue of Iran, Trump
compares himself to his predecessors,
right? All these presidents before me
left this regime in place. Yep. And in
the last couple weeks, we've sort of
heard the administration and Trump
himself kind of road test different
ideas for what is the real reason for
this war.
And we heard an imminent threat from
Iran's ballistic missiles that could hit
the United States. That he said in the
State of the Union. That's not true,
okay? At least they can't do it anytime
soon, right? Steve Witkoff said Iran can
have a bomb in a week. That's not true,
right? And then finally, after the
strikes began and Trump made his
recorded message on Saturday morning, he
basically made this case of, "Listen,
this is a regime that's been carrying
out terror for 47 years, that has been
left in place, that has a history going
back to the takeover of the American
Embassy in 1979, the killing of hundreds
of Marines in 1983 in Beirut, and it's
time someone dealt with it." And that's
sort of where he landed at the end here,
which was that this regime is a bad
actor and it needed to go.
Okay, I want to ask. We've obviously
seen that while there have been many
factors that brought Trump to this
decision of going to war, Netanyahu has
been a driving force. He has constantly
been in Trump's ear pushing for this and
he has followed through on his promise
to be a full partner in it. And we've
seen that over the last several days.
Now that we are 5 days into this war,
what do we know about how aligned
Netanyahu and Trump are right now?
So, on the operational level, the
working level,
we have dozens of American fueling
tankers taking off from Ben Gurion
Airport every minute to help the Israeli
Air Force in its war effort.
So, on the working level, it couldn't be
more close and more extensive, but I
think that while they are aligned and
closely synchronizing,
this is the point where their path and
goals and targets and interests might
diverge. Mhm. Because Trump is looking
for a very short war and Israel, they
say that they need two more weeks. Mhm.
And also, how do you end it?
What you're saying is that the two
sides, US and Israel, they may begin to
diverge in terms of how long each side
wants to stay in this conflict with
potentially Trump favoring getting out
of it early and Israel pushing for a
longer engagement. And I feel as though
part of the issue for Israel, but also
for the rest of us, is that Trump hasn't
really laid out a coherent vision for
how this ends. He has called and talked
to several different reporters, media
outlets on this question recently,
including our Times colleague Zolan Khan
Youngs, and he's been unclear about what
he sees as the best resolution for this
conflict and how to get there. He has
said he wants the Iranians to rise up
and take over their government, but he's
also suggested that he's open to
negotiating with whatever's left of the
Iranian regime.
Those are conflicting and confusing
messages about what the US actually
wants here.
And also, there are conflicting and
confusing messages from Israel because
Israel is also saying, "We are doing
this in order to prepare the ground for
the Iranian people
to go back to the streets and revolt and
demonstrate." But what does that mean?
Like, if they go, then Israel will send
an attacking chopper to each street to
fight against the Basij who are going to
butcher them? Or the US would do that?
What what what does it mean?
And also, Israel is fighting the missile
project and the nuclear project.
But how is this connected to support of
the protesters?
>> Right. I really don't understand where
President Trump is going, and I don't
really understand what's the goals from
Israel except for inflicting as much
damage to the military sites of the
regime.
What do you guys actually think the end
games are here? The actual end games for
both sides, for the US and Israel?
I'll speak for the American side and
just say it is incredibly unclear what
the goals are because the administration
has not done a good job explaining what
the goals are.
Is it regime change? Is it a narrow
effort to destroy Iran's military
capabilities? To me, the most telling
comment of the last week came when
President Trump said, "Well, we had some
people in mind to lead Iran, but they're
all dead now." Right.
>> So, that implies that the people they
were considering were close enough to
the supreme leader or to the leadership
that they got killed in strikes among
the senior leaders of Iran, suggesting
that what was envisioned is not
wholesale change, but something like
removing the top leaders and calling the
war a success and moving on. And then
that goes to Ronan's point. So, just how
does that help Iranian protesters?
This has been a model over the last week
of exactly what the goals of this war
are. And I'd imagine those goals could
also change, especially for Trump, if he
starts to worry about this war becoming
really costly and unpopular. Yes, and
I think for Netanyahu, the concern is
that Trump would see chaos and economic
disruption
and the stock market cratering and want
to stop the war sooner rather than
later.
And Netanyahu
because of all the history we've just
discussed wants to have a more definite
resolution to this conflict.
But, so far, I need to say that despite
predictions that Netanyahu and Trump's
alliance would collapse
it hasn't. The two have remained in
lockstep since the war began.
And for Netanyahu, that might be the
most significant thing.
From the point of view of Netanyahu
I think so far, so good.
The region, the whole world
see the close cooperation between the
two militaries of US and Israel and how
close these countries are together.
Right. But, that's also bear the seeds
for a risk to Israel because
with respect to the cooperation it
sometimes meet with realities of the
area. And the reality of the area is
that nothing is really solved with the
help of the US. Like, Hamas is still in
control of Gaza.
Still
aspiring to execute another October 7th.
Hezbollah is still
the most powerful military force in
Lebanon. They just launched missiles at
Tel Aviv yesterday.
And Iran, the regime is still in place
and they still have the 450
kg of enriched uranium to almost
military grade. They still have the
centrifuges. They still have the
missiles.
So even with the support of the US
nothing is solved and we are still
living in a very risky region that every
minute sits on a barrel
of explosive that can re-explode
every minute.
Right. You're saying that even in this
new world where you have the US and
Israel going after Iran, striking Iran,
going to war with Iran together
that lockstep cooperation hasn't yet, at
least, yielded the kind of solutions
that actually would make things better
for Israelis, better for the region.
And better for the Iranian public.
It's just the hammering of Iranian
nuclear sites and the missile sites and
the air defenses and the killing of
people and some of them were very, very
bad people that had the citizens of Iran
blood on their hand and and American
blood on their hands exploding the
American Embassy in the '80s.
But what's next?
Is it solved? Like, are we looking at
the beginning of a new horizon to the
Middle East? I'm not sure at all because
the regime is still there and the
problems are still there and they are
not yet solved. And this cannot be
[music] solved just by words. I assumed
that by the end of this week or maybe a
little later, the President [music]
of the United States will declare
victory.
He would say, "We removed the threat.
It's obliterated." Whatever phrase he
uses.
But, is it?
I don't see [music]
anything solved. I see only
more potential difficulties and
challenges here.
Well, Mark, Ronan,
>> [music]
>> thank you both so much.
Thank you. Thanks, Natalie.
We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
On Wednesday, the US-Israeli bombardment
of Iran became a wider international
crisis.
NATO was drawn into the conflict when
its air defenses [music] shot down an
Iranian ballistic missile headed toward
Turkey, a NATO member.
A US submarine destroyed an Iranian
warship off the coast of Sri Lanka,
killing dozens who were on board. Their
navy not a factor. Pick your adjective,
it is no more. During a news conference,
US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said
that the [music] attack demonstrated the
reach and resolve of the US military as
it seeks to decimate Iran's military. An
American submarine
>> [music]
>> sunk an Iranian warship that thought it
was safe in international waters.
Instead, it was sunk by a torpedo.
Quiet death.
The first sinking of an enemy ship by a
torpedo since World War II.
Finally, [music] Iran's leaders appeared
close to naming a new supreme leader,
likely the son of the late Ayatollah
Khamenei, [music]
who was killed last weekend. But,
Israel's defense minister said that if
the next supreme leader followed [music]
the same ideology as Khamenei he would
become, quote, a target [music]
for elimination.
Today's episode was produced by Ricky
Nevaetsky, [music]
Caitlin O'Keefe, and Stella Tan. It was
edited by Devon Taylor and Paige Cowitt
[music] with help from Chris Hackel.
Contains music by Dan Powell and Rowan
Nimaesto. Our theme music is by
Wonderly. This episode was engineered by
Alyssa [music] Moxley.
>> [music]
>> That's it for the daily. I'm Natalie
Kitroeff.
See you tomorrow.